link to codepen:
https://codepen.io/LambdaCodePen/pen/LYRgeJJ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML gives clues as to what the contens are.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	It's used for the basic contents of a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Words that give more meaning to an html tag, placed in opening.

	Example: <p class="example"></p>
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	It's used for the most important header or title; probably only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img and a both require a link

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	titles, scripts, styles, links to external stuff, and probably more I don't know

    7. What is an id? 
	It's something that's supposed to be used on only one tag so it can be styled with css

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any I think

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once

    10. What is a class? 
	Similar to an id but can be used multiple times to group stuff together

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any I think

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many times as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	<a href="https://www.google.com" target="_blank">

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	If the image for whatever reason can't load then the alt will take it's place.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	#yourIdHere

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Divs can have anything in them and have no meaning, sections are semantic and are supposed to be grouped up content

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Making websites look good

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	Just give the name. h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Id's are specific to one element, classes are groups of things. 
	Class- you want multiple things to have similar styling
	Id- you want one and only one element to be different

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.yourClassHere

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	When you select an element all nested elements are also selected. Good for grouping things together, like in divs

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	Things like :hover that make look different when a condition is met

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: with uppercase, capitalize, or lowercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	inside your div add border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*comment here*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	look on the bar
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls or dir, very similar

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm -r. It will remove a folder and all contents without confirmation

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	See past changes, and especailly to revert back if something goes horribly wrong.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Idk? But probably prettf often

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork it, clone it, make a new branch, commit, add, and make a pull request to submit

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	block elements like p make a new line break and take all possible space
	inline elements like span do not take up all possible space or make a new line after

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	It's based off of the top left corner of browser page and can go ontop of other elements

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	inline-block elements combine both features

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	block: p, div, ol
	inline: span, a
	inline-block: I don't know of any, I think you have to specify you want it

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	It's the margins, borders, and padding around stuff like a p element. I don't know what you mean by "fix" it